IBX-719: BatchIterator (#1422)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/api/public_php_api_search.md

The difference between `query` and `filter` is only relevant when using Solr search engine.
With the Legacy search engine both properties will give identical results.

> #### Batch searching

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Batch Iterator
```

or 

```suggestion
#### Processing large result sets
```

To search in a large result set, use `eZ\Publish\API\Repository\Iterator\BatchIterator`.

> `BatchIterator` divides the result set into smaller batches, which helps with sets that are too large to handle due to memory limits.

Reviewer: `eZ\Publish\API\Repository\Iterator\BatchIterator` allows to iterate over all search or filtering results within memory constrains by automatically dividing the results into smaller batches (pages).

Author: ```suggestion
To search in a large result set, use `eZ\Publish\API\Repository\Iterator\BatchIterator`.
`BatchIterator` divides the results of search or filtering into smaller batches.
This enables iterating over results that are too large to handle due to memory constraints.
```

> `BatchIterator` takes one of the available adapters, and a [`Query` or `Filter` object](#search-with-query-and-filter).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`BatchIterator` takes one of the available adapters (`\eZ\Publish\API\Repository\Iterator\BatchIteratorAdapter` ) and optional batch size. For example: 
```

``` php
$query = new LocationQuery;

$iterator = new BatchIterator(new BatchIteratorAdapter\LocationSearchAdapter($this->searchService, $query));

foreach ($iterator as $result) {
    $output->writeln($result->valueObject->getContentInfo()->name);
}
```

> You can additionally define the batch size by setting `$iterator->setBatchSize()`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also define the batch size by setting `$iterator->setBatchSize()`.
```

The difference between `query` and `filter` is only relevant when using Solr search engine.
With the Legacy search engine both properties will give identical results.

#### Processing large result sets

> To search in a large result set, use `eZ\Publish\API\Repository\Iterator\BatchIterator`.

Author: ```suggestion
To process a large result set, use `eZ\Publish\API\Repository\Iterator\BatchIterator`.
```
